Give it to me
Killing the city for ten years
People who dare to be so arrogant in front of me freeze to death
What I killed was to force you to have more people in your life
What are you doing?
Hurry up and save my brother
Who dares to take a step forward?
Kill him immediately
Long Shuang, if you dare to hurt me and your whole family, you will be buried with me
Long Shuang let me go
If you don't let me go, I'll work hard, bastard
Let go of my bag
Mr. Zhao, what do you want to do with him?
Lu Shuang, cut off your hands and feet for me
Kneel down quickly, this old man still has a little Lu Lu Shuang
Kneel down for my brother
It was a game.
I'll make you kneel first